to pick a plan for a deed, within constraints:
  have a form with a submit button that picks randomly (probably using a new deed as form_for)
  have a button to that form from the precommit page - one for choose self, one for random
  have the form with selectors for boolean constraints, with proper defaults, wired to nothing
  wire up boolean constraints
  have a slider for minimum times no more than 15 30 60 unlimited
  wire up slider

think about how events/tags should work - when attending an occasion with multiple people, should be able to be attached to one SOMETHING, rather than having many communications with solely one owner. this SOMETHING should then have the option of a date, and if dated should appear on people's feeds & count as a communication

think about adding select, close relationships between people, like child/husband/mother/gf. dunno how to handle ages. reason: seems like for yen i should be keeping track of her family's names

add weight to mnemonic, probably as a special survey on myself

--

https://trello.com/b/Ek773dQs/mnemonic
--
ILP method, from kei, about how they do clinic self-examination

how do you expect to feel while doing this task?
what good at, expected?
what bad at, expected?
how prep for things bad at?

DO THE TASK

<essay for self-assessment>
  how did you feel?
  what hurdles did you encounter?
  how did you deal with them?
  how could you have dealt with them better?
  what's one thing you learned?
--
interesting brainstorm for what to try with game i created that fizzled out
  instead of playing to make the rules
  rate what productivity/activity is like
    have hundreds of possible things to do, match the what to do with the productivity or difficulty rating for what looking to do
    have a wheel for selection to make it feel more fun
    be able to see what effect it had on mood - show how felt before and felt after

thinking of life as a game, when i play a game that'll be around for a while i focus on the metaskills - how do you increase your ability to increase your ability. thinking over the partner's diverse lives at HAX, being a renaissance man really appealing, being able to attack virtually any problem and find answers. thinking about what some of those metaskills are, big one 
  is being able for form relationship across class and culture - find and care about someone's story and create a spark
  discipline - apply oneself to a task consistantly
  outlook - how do you take the right spin on things
  community - how do you get people involved in and excited about what you care about